Update the README examples with corrections (#16)
dependabot/fetch-metadata: README.md

```yaml
name: Dependabot auto-approve
on: pull_request_target
permissions:
  pull-requests: write
jobs:
  dependabot:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    # Checking the actor will prevent your Action run failing on non-Dependabot PRs
    if: ${{ github.actor == 'dependabot[bot]' }}
    steps:
      - name: Dependabot metadata
        id: metadata

>         uses: dependabot/fetch-metadata@v1.1.0

Author: I've set this ahead to v1.1.0 so we can use that version as the first 'release' version while still leaving room for some more patches while we test.

        with:
          github-token: "${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}"
      - name: Approve a PR
        run: gh pr review --approve "$PR_URL"
        env:
          PR_URL: ${{github.event.pull_request.html_url}}
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}
```

### Enabling auto-merge

> If you are using [the auto-merge](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/automatically-merging-a-pull-request) feature on your repository,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [the auto-merge feature](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/automatically-merging-a-pull-request) on your repository,
```

> you can set up an action that will mark Dependabot PRs to merge once CI and other [branch protection](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/managing-a-branch-protection-rule) conditions are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can set up an action that will enable Dependabot PRs to merge once CI and other [branch protection rules](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/managing-a-branch-protection-rule) are met.
```
